## Keywords to search 
- [Keywords](git-keywords.txt)

## Bash keywords
```text
language:bash password
language:bash pwd
language:bash ftp
language:bash dotfiles
language:bash JDBC
language:bash key-keys
language:bash send_key-keys
language:bash send,key-keys
language:bash token
language:bash user
language:bash login-singin
language:bash passkey-passkeys
language:bash pass
language:bash secret
language:bash credentials
language:bash config
language:bash security_credentials
language:bash connectionstring
language:bash ssh2_auth_password
```

## Python Keywords
```text
language:python password
language:python pwd
language:python ftp
language:python dotfiles
language:python JDBC
language:python key-keys
language:python send_key-keys
language:python send,key-keys
language:python token
language:python user
language:python login-singin
language:python passkey-passkeys
language:python pass
language:python secret
language:python credentials
language:python config
language:python security_credentials
language:python connectionstring
language:python ssh2_auth_password
```
**Example :** `“bugcrowd.com” password language:bash`
## More dorks
```text
org:citrix "aws"
org:Target "bucket_name"
org:Target "aws_access_key"
org:Target "aws_secret_key"
org:Target "S3_BUCKET"
org:Target "S3_ACCESS_KEY_ID"
org:Target "S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY"
org:Target "S3_ENDPOINT"
org:Target "AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID"
org:Target "list_aws_accounts"
FTP_PORT
FTP_PASSWORD
DB_DATABASE=
DB_HOST=
DB_PORT=
DB_PASSWORD=
DB_PW=
DB_USER=
api_key
“api keys”
authorization_bearer:
oauth
auth
authentication
client_secret
api_token:
“api token”
client_id
password
user_password
user_pass
passcode
client_secret
secret
password hash
OTP
user auth
```

***Source***
**https://orwaatyat.medium.com/your-full-map-to-github-recon-and-leaks-exposure-860c37ca2c82**




